Integration Tests
Files:  signin.php & home.php
	For testing an integrated login page and granting access to the rest of the website, these two files were tested as a demonstration. On the signin page, if a correct password is entered, then it now redirects user to the homepage of the website. On the homepage, if the user clicks "logout", then it navigates to the login page. Another integrated test, is that the user should not be able to access the home page without logging in. So for example, if user attempts to access the home page by simply typing it into the url, then it should automatically redirect the user to the login page first. This is done for security reasons and for user customizability. This can be simply tested by typing in the path to the homepage in the url. So in the url of a browser, type "localhost/path_to_file/home.php". Since user has not yet logged in, it should automatically lead user to "signin.php". If it allows user to directly access the homepage, then the security test fails.
	Additionally, the way the system recognizes a user logged in is by securely passing the email id of the user to all webpages So once a user successfully signs in and is redirected to the home page, the user's email address is displayed on the home page, to test that the user's email is accessible and passed correctly. If user's email is incorrect or does not show, this test fails, otherwise, it succeeds. 

Files:  navBarHome.php, navBarPortfolioCrypto.php, navBarPortfolioStocks.php, navBarPortfolioTrades.php
	This tests the navigational functionality of the website and the integration of multiple webpages. So at the top of the webpage, there is a navigation bar that is the centralized method of going to another page. The objective is that on a smaller scale, if the navigation bar can switch between a couple of pages, then it could be scaled to be functional on the entire site. In this example, there are 4 files that each represent a webpage. When user first clicks "Home" on the navbar, then it leads to the home page. For clear  visibility of whether the correct page was reached or not, each page identifies itself with a header in the middle of the page. These files also test the dropdown integration of the navigation bar. For the "My Portfolio" tab, when user hovers over it with their mouse a dropdown list appears. If a user for example clicks on the "Stocks" page under "My Portfolio", then the page should change and be labeled "STOCKS Portfolio". The fundamental measure of a success or fail for this integration test is if the new page indicates the correct page the user intended to go on. If it matches, then the test passes, otherwise, it fails. 

NOTE:
	These test files run in the same manner as the unit test files and the whole website. Simply put the folder on the server and access the files through localhost on a browser. Then analyze the results as described above and the success or failure of the test will be evident. 

